hi welcome to Chris cooks for you too
today we're going to be trying my famous
macaroni and cheese and it is really a
great dish I think you're going to love
it it's a lot of added cheese to the
dish it's a lot of cheese that pool it's
a lot of cheese that really gives it
that flavor that you're actually looking
for in macaroni and cheese I know
there's a lot of versions to macaroni
and cheeses some of them are really good
but if you try this I think that your
family's really going to love it now
I've got to get the dish because I've
already buttered the dish and I'm going
to bring it over here now because
macaroni and cheese is a messy dish what
I'm going to do be doing today is I'm
going to use a glove I have my macaroni
that I've already prepared l Dante and
it's already loose drained so what I'm
going to do is to pour it into my
buttered dish I want to tell you
something bug this butter dish what you
do to keep your macaroni from sticking
okay you just buttered down whatever pan
that you're going to use and this is
kind of like the large casserole pain so
this is only 1 pound of macaroni
ok so now we have that all in the dish
now to the dish I'm going to tell you
what I'm going to be using today I'm
going to use six types of cheese 1 cup
of Monterey Jack two cups of mild
cheddar 1 cup of mozzarella 1 cup of
sharp cheddar one cup of provolone one
little dish which is really one third of
the Velveeta cheese 2 eggs 2 tablespoons
of seasoning salt you use your favorite
seasonings so some had some of more
saltier than the others I use Laurie so
that's a good seasoning so for me and
actually have a third of a cup of butter
now of course we have two teaspoons of
sugar one cup of half-and-half and salt
to taste so I'm going to mix all these
ingredients in so we have the macaroni
in the container or in our dish
casserole dish into that I'm going to
add my cheese okay and I started out
with my mozzarella cheese and you can
put your cheese in any order that's not
going to really make a difference for
that we're going to add for 2 cups of
mild cheddar and you see that we're
working that a little bit okay and to
that we're going to add the one cup of
Monterey Jack to that we're going to add
one cup of the sharp cheddar cheese in
the dish and then I'm sorry to use a
bold and then they mix all of their
cheeses and then once they get all the
cheese's in and everything they're going
to put in which is the eggs and the
cream then they pour it into their
casserole dish for me I do it this way
sorry for the phone ring people always
call in when you're trying to get
something done okay next we're going to
add to that the provolone cheese not
what the provolone cheese does as well
as the Monterey cheese I'm sorry not to
moderate with the mozzarella what they
do is gives you that pull that you're
looking for when you pick up your cheese
I'm sorry when you pick up your macaroni
you want to get that cool like a lot of
cheese as those are in the dish so what
they actually do is they give you that
pool that you're looking for not have
all of these items in to that
I'm going to add two tablespoons of
sugar now it won't make it sweet but it
will kind of balance it out you know so
you have that it won't be too bitter
it won't be too sweet it'll be just
right so we're going to mix that in this
looks pretty much good look to it right
now okay so when we get that all mixed
in and if you can see everything is
evenly distributed we're going to add to
that our butter okay my butter I'm going
to add our seasoning salt the one we on
the stalk
we're going to solve it now for me
that's not a lot of salt and I'm using
sea salt because I'm sorry um I'm using
kosher so because I use that a lot of
dishes okay now we have that all mixed
together
it's good and bacon dish already okay
and then the final ingredient that we're
going to add is our eggs so we're going
to beat our eggs up and because I have
to squirrel one just our top beating
that that didn't using my opposite hand
and put them
this is like the one dish casserole we
don't have to do any cleaning because we
have everything in the bowl the only
thing that I would have done differently
oops and some time ago I would have beat
the eggs and have them be part beaten
prior to start now once we do that we're
going to add the last ingredient which
is our Velveeta and if you see I put the
Velveeta all through the mac and cheese
and what I'm actually doing here is when
you pick up the macaroni and cheese with
your fork then not only do you have the
pool cheese that's coming from your
mozzarella and it's coming from your
problem but you also have the burst of
cheese that's coming from the Velveeta
now Velveeta is not something that cook
with an awfully lot but I do use it with
the mac and cheese okay lastly we're
going to pour in is the 1 cup of half
and half and half cream has milk now you
don't have to do any stirring at that
point but I'm just going to do a little
kind of like an old-school cook who and
then sit that's all you need to do the
stick you know what makes your macaroni
stick together is going to be your eggs
clean this up a little bit and then
clean up my working area
I'm going to take this I already have my
oven preset to 350 and it's been warming
already so I'm going to take this put it
in the oven 350 for 25 to 30 minutes and
we'll come back and see how that works
out now we're going to take the macaroni
and cheese out of the oven it's been
that 25 30 minutes that I told you that
we would need let's just pull this pan
look at that look at that
that is gorgeous macaroni and cheese as
you can see it's bubbling around the
sides you can see the Velveeta right in
there you can see it has that little
like crusty top but it's not hard it's
still soft we're going to let this sit
for a few minutes okay which is about
five minutes before we cut it gonna cut
in it just to show you what it is to
where we actually have here okay now I
want to focus on I'm not trying to take
too much but I was trying to see if I
could have got some of the pull but I
can't seem to get it up I see a little
bit of the Velveeta not going to dig
down into you know the mac and cheese
but then you see how because we use the
butter see how easy it comes away from
the dish okay then we're going to add
that to the plate all right
then we're going to go over to the table
and we're going to sample this fantastic
and until next time bye